Update Configuration Docs For Clarity (#11966)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: docs/add_new_configurations.md

   1. The key is the Environment Variable name, and the value is an array of objects with the following fields:

>       1. Version. 
>          1. If introducing a new configuration, provide a version of `A`.
>          2. If the configuration already exists in the Feature Parity Dashboard and has the same implementation details as an existing Configuration Version, add the version listed on the Feature Parity Dashboard. Else, follow Step 8 to introduce a new configuration implementation and use the new auto-generated version.

Reviewer: Does something like this make sense?

```suggestion
      1. Version. If the configuration already exists with expected implementation details in the Feature Parity Dashboard, use the version listed in the FPD, e.g. "A". If the configuration exists but the implementation needs to be updated, select "Add New Implementation," make and save your changes, and then use the new auto-generated version, e.g. "B". Otherwise if no configuration exists, follow Step 8 to introduce a new configuration implementation and use its auto-generated version.
```

Author: @sarahchen6 Is this easier to read in your opinion than a bulleted list? Just asking to gauge which is better 😅

Reviewer: I think the list is easier to read, but the paragraph matches the format of the bullets below. I think the latter is my personal preference haha, but both work!

Author: Just going to keep it for clarity sake 😂
